Accommodations Request Form
Meta is committed to providing reasonable support (called accommodations) to candidates and employees with disabilities, physical conditions, mental health conditions, neurodivergence, sincerely held religious beliefs, pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions. This form helps us collect necessary information to ensure prompt review of your accommodations request and is the preferred and most efficient method for initiating your request.If you have difficulty accessing the form or otherwise need support in submitting your request, submit a request via this link.
Full name
Email
Reason for request
Select a reason
​
What stage in the recruiting process are you currently?
Select the stage of the process
​
Do you have an interview scheduled?
Select Yes or No
​
Why are you contacting the accommodations team?
Select a reason
​
What accommodation(s) are you requesting to support a limitation/restriction/condition?
By clicking submit, you are consenting to the use of your data and acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Statement.
Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. You may view our Equal Employment Opportunity notice here
.

Meta is committed to providing reasonable support (called accommodations) in our recruiting processes for candidates with disabilities, long term conditions, mental health conditions or sincerely held religious beliefs, or who are neurodivergent or require pregnancy-related support. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, fill out the Accommodations request form
.
MORE RESOURCES
Meta Careers Blog
Meta Careers on Facebook
Meta Careers on Instagram
LinkedIn
Glassdoor
OUR POLICY
Candidate privacy statements
Cookies Notice
Meta © 2025

